It starts with doom.
Van
This is serious
Exactly.
I want to give it to Lin
co-founder heart
Tong Wei Yongheng
Tianda Origin
Can you stop being funny?
Do you know what you are doing?
Unauthorized increase in investment angered Nalan venue
All ex-wife investments in the entire group
It's all going to waste
Enough to be easy
This is the Lin Group
The sum of net profits over the past five years
And you
How dare you say anything here
Bring Lin's Group a reputation that has not been met in a century
I see how you communicate with President Nalan
See for yourself
This is me, President Nalan
Sign a new meeting
The original 10 billion project
President Nalan is unwilling to cooperate
Now it will agree to increase to 100 billion
Even with this new contract
Received the approval of the Nalan venue
That still doesn't change your good taste
Self-asserted facts
Unauthorized increase in investment from 10 billion to 100 billion
You are going to ruin the future of the entire Lin family
Is fixated on this one project
Did you know
100 billion.
The consequences of all the pressure on this project
If this project goes wrong
Temporary was finally removed
It turns out
Lin Fan is not a piece of business material
If he can get the project right
Sows will climb trees
Second Aunt
I propose to reframe the question of the project leader
That's right, Lin Fan must be cancelled from all positions
Hmph, leave the project to Chu Sheng to be responsible, haha.
Compare with Lin Fan, a stubborn and unlearned
Chu Sheng is the most suitable candidate, hahaha.
I agree not to let him destroy the entire Lin enterprise